fix(router): update error code for NG04008 and add documentation (#58979)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/reference/errors/NG04008.md

# Invalid or undefined route configuration or navigation path

This runtime error occurs when Angular's router is unable to resolve a valid route during naigation, likely due to an invalid or undefined route configuration or navigation path.

> It can also occur if there is an issue with lazy-loaded modules.

Reviewer: I think it'd be great to clarify which issues we refer to here: do we mean a misconfiguration issue?

Author: Do you mean in the title or the explanation? 
Alternatively, does this work - 

This runtime error occurs when Angular's router is unable to resolve a valid route during navigation. Common causes include misconfigured or undefined route configurations, invalid navigation paths, or issues with lazy-loaded modules.

## Debugging the error

You can use `Router.events` to capture navigation error logs:

```typescript

this.router.events.subscribe((event) => {
  if (event instanceof NavigationError) {
    console.error("Navigation Error:", event.error);
  }
});

```

> Some Third-Party Integrations may mask details of Angular errors. You can enable detailed logging in Angular to get verbose logs

Reviewer: Why do we capitalize `Third-Party Integrations` in this sentence?

```suggestion
Some third-party integrations may hide details of Angular errors. You can enable detailed logging in Angular to get verbose logs as demonstrated below.
```

```typescript

import { enableProdMode } from '@angular/core';

> enableProdMode();

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is correct, typically dev-mode gives more detailed logs. Could you please provide more info about this?

Author: you're right, there's no need to enableProdMode(). I'll refactor to remove that!

Reviewer 2: This change is still required.

Author: > This change is still required.

Apologies for missing it, I just fixed that. Thank you!

```

## Fixing the error

1. Check that all routes are correctly configured in all routing modules. Ensure no paths resolve to `undefined`.

> 2. If you are using lazy-loading, check if `loadChildren` property is pointing to an invalid module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you are using lazy-loading, make sure that `loadChildren` uses proper module references.
```

> 3. If you have dynamic navigation, check that `Router.navigate` or `Router.navigateByUrl` is not making a call using empty string, incorrect parameters or undefined parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you use dynamic navigation in your application, check that `Router.navigate` or `Router.navigateByUrl` are not invoked with an empty string, incorrect or undefined parameters as an argument.
```

```typescript

> this.router.navigate([undefined]); // this is invalid

Reviewer: Would that be allowed by the typings?

Author: it actually is, and on runtime you get an error like this -
`
ERROR RuntimeError: NG04008: The requested path contains undefined segment at index 0
`

```

4. Make sure your wildcard routes have proper fallback routes.

```typescript

> { path: '**', redirectTo: '' } //handle unmatched paths correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ path: '**', redirectTo: '' } // handle unmatched paths correctly
```
It's a bit unclear from this example if this a recommended or invalid pattern. We can update the comment to clarify that.

# Invalid or undefined route configuration or navigation path

This runtime error occurs when Angular's router is unable to resolve a valid route during naigation, likely due to an invalid or undefined route configuration or navigation path.
It can also occur if there is an issue with lazy-loaded modules.

## Debugging the error

You can use `Router.events` to capture navigation error logs:

```typescript

this.router.events.subscribe(event => {

> if (event instanceof NavigationError) {

Reviewer 2: Can you please improve the indent here.
